-- Case Study: How Does a Bike-Share Navigate Speedy Success?

-- In this file I document my thought process going through a case study

/* Scenario: 
You are a junior data analyst working in the marketing analyst team at Cyclistic, a bike-share company in Chicago. The director
of marketing believes the company’s future success depends on maximizing the number of annual memberships. Therefore,
your team wants to understand how casual riders and annual members use Cyclistic bikes differently. From these insights,
your team will design a new marketing strategy to convert casual riders into annual members. But first, Cyclistic executives
must approve your recommendations, so they must be backed up with compelling data insights and professional data
visualizations. */

-- Here are my notes of the scenario presented: 
/* Scenario
	Cyclistic is a bikeshare company in Chicago
	DOM - future success depends on maximizing the number of annual memberships
	my team - how casual riders and annual members use Cyclistic bikes differently
	purpose - design a new marketing strat to convert casual riders to annual members */ 
  
-- Here are my notes covering the rest of the context-based information given
/* Facts
	Many bike options but only 8% use assistive options. Majority use traditional bikes.
	Most customers use for leisure. 30% use for commute to work. 
	Lily Moreno is my manager. 
	I've been working here for 6 months. 
	Stakeholders (executives) are very detail-oriented. */
  
  /* About the Company
	Launched in 2016. 692 stations across Chicago. 
	Bikes can be unlocked from one station and returned to another station in the system anytime.
	Marketing targeted broad consumer segments. 
	Flexible pricing plans: 
		1. single-ride 
		2. full-day passes 
		3. annual memberships
	Single or full day = casual riders.
	annual = cyclistic members. 
	annual > casual in terms of profit.
	Flexibility -> more customers
	Moreno wants to convert casual riders to members (annual). 
	Moreno believes most if not all casual riders are aware of the annual option already. 
	We need to know why riders would buy a membership and how to better use digital media for marketing.
  
	I want to find out:
  Differences between casual riders and annual members.
	Why casual riders would buy annual memberships.
	How can we use digital media to influence casual riders to become members. */
  
  /* Moreno assigned me the question: How do annual members and casual riders use Cyclistic bikes differently? 
  Produce a report with the following deliverables: 
  1. A clear statement of the business task
  2. A description of all data sources used
  3. Documentation of any cleaning or manipulation of data
  4. A summary of your analysis
  5. Supporting visualizations and key findings
  6. Your top three recommendations based on your analysis */
